hello everyone ruslan with you again and
today we will do the next
dent that's such a longitudinal strip
she is at the bottom of the door to do
we will be her that way the door will be at
we filmed for this we have already removed
lining the dent we got on
amplifier amplifier as she
amplifier rested we see here
here are the bumps though he walks in and
she has such bumps here of course
grow a little metal
but the shape of the door itself will allow us
make it impossible to see it
we have more nuance is not a door at
Crash Well, let's get down to the new
the door and we will do it here we look like
we have a dent already taken parts
now I will show you try painting
such paint here was not behind the door
we see that painting is like budget
whoever painted us doesn't care about
principle we have a challenge
align this dents also also
budget for a minimum of money
We will not immediately cut off the amplifiers
first we align those places go us
there is free access
and then cut it off because it's not there
stretched it will play if its
Immediately cut
here we have suppressed part here and here
this part of us falls clearly on
power there tight sealant here here
such a knife such a knife is now cut
We look at the intermediate version like this
here is the form we see a little metal here
stretched but this lump as if it can be
pull here and here failure here
so not for you of course he is all
much better
still a little bit by doing again
I repeat we do not need and lead to the ideal
see here also here chipped
upon impact form an edge well and
window dressing but here it is the finished result as
I spoke to the butt so we look
nothing is visible when viewed at an angle
then there is such a rough usa crap metal
slightly stretched
angle can be seen and small smooth
Bending in the form of cones made three
I'll throw it out by sea according to the requirements
who asked